docs: Update links in documentation and fix spelling mistakes (#3238)
timber/timber: docs/v2/guides/date-time.md

When you work with dates and times in a WordPress context, it’s best if you stick to the date and time functionality that WordPress provides for you. Timber tries to use the default functionality as much as it can. To prepare your environment, make sure to check the following WordPress settings:

- Set the correct timezone in _Settings_ &rarr; _General_.
- Set the desired date and time formats in _Settings_ &rarr; _General_. You can change the format whenever you display a date later.

In WordPress 5.3, there were [improvements for the Date/Time component](https://make.wordpress.org/core/2019/09/23/date-time-improvements-wp-5-3/). Read that post as an introduction to what you should and shouldn’t do when working with dates and times in WordPress.

### WordPress and timezones

> One of the most important things to understand with dates in WordPress is that WordPress always works with `UTC` as a default timezone. You shouldn't try to change the default timezone with `date_default_timezone_set()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the most important things to understand with dates in WordPress is that WordPress always works with `UTC` as a default timezone. You shouldn’t try to change the default timezone with `date_default_timezone_set()`.
```
